
Obtaining
---------

The current version of the predictive completion package can be obtained
from:

http://www.dr-qubit.org/emacs.php

You will also need the Emacs Lisp Library (Elib), obtainable from:

http://jdee.sunsite.dk



Installing
----------

To install the package, extract the files to a directory in the Emacs
load-path (see Lisp Libraries, GNU Emacs Manual):

cd /some/directory/in/load-path
tar -xvzf predictive.tar.gz

You can view the current load-path using `C-h v load-path' in Emacs, assuming
default keybindings. All subdirectories creating by unpacking the package
should also be added to the load-path.

If you want the predictive completion minor-mode to be available whenever you
start Emacs, put the following line in your .emacs file:

(require 'predictive)

Alternatively, you can save memory and only load the lisp libraries when
they're needed (i.e. when you first run the `predictive-mode' command), by
putting the following in your .emacs instead:

(autoload 'predictive-mode "/path/to/predictive.elc")



Byte-Compiling
--------------

For performance reasons, it is important to byte-compile the lisp code, at
least for the core lisp files. You can do this by running

make core

in the directory you extracted the files to. (For some unknown reason,
byte-compiling the core lisp files from the command line causes strange errors
for me when running predictive completion mode. If anyone knows why, let me
know! Creating the dictionaries works fine.)

Alternatively, you can do it manually using `byte-compile-file' or one of the
other Emacs byte-compilation commands (see The Compilation Functions, GNU
Emacs Lisp Reference Manual) for each of the following lisp files:

heap.el
tstree.el
dict.el
predictive.el
auto-overlays.el
auto-overlay-word.el
auto-overlay-line.el
auto-overlay-self.el
auto-overlay-stack.el
dict-english.el

Personally, I like to use `dired' when byte-compiling multiple files. (See
Operating on Files, GNU Emacs manual.)



Creating the Dictionaries
-------------------------

The only pre-prepared dictionary included in the main package is the English
dictionary (so that predictive completion mode works "out of the box", albeit
slowly if you don't byte-compile). However, you will get better results if you
roll your own English dictionary and tailor it to your writing style. (See
Dictionaries, Predictive Completion Manual.)

Extra dictionaries for other languages (e.g. LaTeX) are supplied as plain text
word lists. Running

make dicts

creates these dictionaries. Simply running

make

will byte-compile the core lisp files as well as creating the dictionaries.

You can, if you prefer, create the dictionaries manually using the
`predictive-create-dict' command from the predictive package. You should give
the dictionary the same file name as the word list file, minus the final
"-word-list". (See Creating Dictionaries, Emacs Predictive Completion Manual.)
